god
Is a fairy
I put Tianlan
Bring back Shanghai from abroad
Took over Universal Group
But he always misses you
Three years ago.
When he knew that Xu was going bankrupt
He cares about you.
The first time I ran to Yuncheng
He wants to save Xu shi in the name of returning the girl
At this time, Shen Yu knew about it
He followed.
He's a gambler
He made money
He actually pretended to be in the name of Qinglan
Getting them to embezzle workers' wages?
So
My parents were forced to leave
So I believed in Shen Yu's plan
Give the tens of millions in cash to Shen Yu
He wants the garden group to help him
When the court learned of this
Shen Yu has donated and fled
Your parents too
Ouch, are they afraid of implicating you?
The hole of the post-mortem inspection
It's all plated with sky blue.
So
It has been used foolishly
Then it hurts to listen
I was soft-hearted when I was a child
Compared to death
Sounds like you let this bastard go.
It doesn't sound like he did anything to hurt you.
Grandpa Shen, let me ask you one question
Three years ago, you chose to stand on Shen Yu's side
But today
You still have to watch Shen helplessly
Was Sky Blue framed to death?
I'm sorry sky blue
I'm sorry for you too.
What do you think we should do to find Shen Yue?